and it came to pass when Solomon had
and it came to pass when Solomon had finished building the house of the Lord
finished building the house of the Lord
finished building the house of the Lord and the king's house and all Solomon's
and the king's house and all Solomon's
and the king's house and all Solomon's desire which he wanted to do that the
desire which he wanted to do that the
desire which he wanted to do that the Lord appeared to Solomon the second time
Lord appeared to Solomon the second time
Lord appeared to Solomon the second time as he had appeared to him at Gibeon and
as he had appeared to him at Gibeon and
as he had appeared to him at Gibeon and the Lord said to him I have heard your
the Lord said to him I have heard your
the Lord said to him I have heard your prayer and your supplication that you
prayer and your supplication that you
prayer and your supplication that you have made before me I have consecrated
have made before me I have consecrated
have made before me I have consecrated this house which you have built to put
this house which you have built to put
this house which you have built to put my name there forever and my eyes and my
my name there forever and my eyes and my
my name there forever and my eyes and my heart will be there perpetually now if
heart will be there perpetually now if
heart will be there perpetually now if you walk before me as your father David
you walk before me as your father David
you walk before me as your father David walked in integrity of heart and in
walked in integrity of heart and in
walked in integrity of heart and in uprightness to do according to all that
uprightness to do according to all that
uprightness to do according to all that I have commanded you and if you keep my
I have commanded you and if you keep my
I have commanded you and if you keep my statutes and my judgments then I will
statutes and my judgments then I will
statutes and my judgments then I will establish the throne of your kingdom
establish the throne of your kingdom
establish the throne of your kingdom over Israel forever as I promised David
over Israel forever as I promised David
over Israel forever as I promised David your father saying you shall not fail to
your father saying you shall not fail to
your father saying you shall not fail to have a man on the throne of Israel but
have a man on the throne of Israel but
have a man on the throne of Israel but if you or your sons at all turn from
if you or your sons at all turn from
if you or your sons at all turn from following me
following me
following me and do not keep my Commandments and my
and do not keep my Commandments and my
and do not keep my Commandments and my statutes which I have set before you but
statutes which I have set before you but
statutes which I have set before you but go and serve other gods and worship them
go and serve other gods and worship them
go and serve other gods and worship them then I will cut off Israel from the land
then I will cut off Israel from the land
then I will cut off Israel from the land which I have given them and this house
which I have given them and this house
which I have given them and this house which I have consecrated for my name I
which I have consecrated for my name I
which I have consecrated for my name I will cast out of my sight Israel will be
will cast out of my sight Israel will be
will cast out of my sight Israel will be a proverb and a byword among all peoples
a proverb and a byword among all peoples
a proverb and a byword among all peoples and as for this house which is exalted
and as for this house which is exalted
and as for this house which is exalted everyone who passes by it will be
everyone who passes by it will be
everyone who passes by it will be astonished and will hiss and say why has
astonished and will hiss and say why has
astonished and will hiss and say why has the Lord done thus to this land
the Lord done thus to this land
the Lord done thus to this land and to this house then they will answer
and to this house then they will answer
and to this house then they will answer because they forsook the Lord their God
because they forsook the Lord their God
because they forsook the Lord their God who brought their fathers out of the
who brought their fathers out of the
who brought their fathers out of the land of Egypt and have embraced other
land of Egypt and have embraced other
land of Egypt and have embraced other gods and worshiped them and served them
gods and worshiped them and served them
gods and worshiped them and served them therefore the Lord has brought all this
therefore the Lord has brought all this
therefore the Lord has brought all this calamity now it happened at the end of
calamity now it happened at the end of
calamity now it happened at the end of 20 years when Solomon had built the two
20 years when Solomon had built the two
20 years when Solomon had built the two houses the house of the Lord and the
houses the house of the Lord and the
houses the house of the Lord and the Kings house
Kings house
Kings house Hiram the king of Tyre had supplied
Hiram the king of Tyre had supplied
Hiram the king of Tyre had supplied Solomon with cedar and cypress and gold
Solomon with cedar and cypress and gold
Solomon with cedar and cypress and gold as much as he desired that King Solomon
as much as he desired that King Solomon
as much as he desired that King Solomon then gave Hiram 20 cities in the land of
then gave Hiram 20 cities in the land of
then gave Hiram 20 cities in the land of Galilee then Hiram went from tyre to see
Galilee then Hiram went from tyre to see
Galilee then Hiram went from tyre to see the cities which Solomon had given him
the cities which Solomon had given him
the cities which Solomon had given him but they did not please him so he said
but they did not please him so he said
but they did not please him so he said what kind of cities are these which
what kind of cities are these which
what kind of cities are these which would have given me my brother and he
would have given me my brother and he
would have given me my brother and he called them the land of cable as they
called them the land of cable as they
called them the land of cable as they are to this day then Hiram sent the king
are to this day then Hiram sent the king
are to this day then Hiram sent the king 120 talents of gold and this is the
120 talents of gold and this is the
120 talents of gold and this is the reason for the labor force which King
reason for the labor force which King
reason for the labor force which King Solomon raised to build the house of the
Solomon raised to build the house of the
Solomon raised to build the house of the Lord his own house the mill oh the wall
Lord his own house the mill oh the wall
Lord his own house the mill oh the wall of Jerusalem
of Jerusalem
of Jerusalem hey Zhou Megiddo and Giza Pharaoh king
hey Zhou Megiddo and Giza Pharaoh king
hey Zhou Megiddo and Giza Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up and taken Giza and
of Egypt had gone up and taken Giza and
of Egypt had gone up and taken Giza and burned it with fire had killed the
burned it with fire had killed the
burned it with fire had killed the Canaanites who dwelt in the city and had
Canaanites who dwelt in the city and had
Canaanites who dwelt in the city and had given it as a dowry to his daughter
given it as a dowry to his daughter
given it as a dowry to his daughter Solomon's wife and Solomon built
Solomon's wife and Solomon built
Solomon's wife and Solomon built Kizer lower beth horon faileth and Tad
Kizer lower beth horon faileth and Tad
Kizer lower beth horon faileth and Tad more in the wilderness in the land of
more in the wilderness in the land of
more in the wilderness in the land of Judah all the storage cities that
Judah all the storage cities that
Judah all the storage cities that Solomon had cities for his chariots and
Solomon had cities for his chariots and
Solomon had cities for his chariots and cities for his cavalry and whatever
cities for his cavalry and whatever
cities for his cavalry and whatever Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem in
Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem in
Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem in Lebanon and in all the land of his
Lebanon and in all the land of his
Lebanon and in all the land of his Dominion all the people who were left of
Dominion all the people who were left of
Dominion all the people who were left of the AMA rights hittites perizzites
the AMA rights hittites perizzites
the AMA rights hittites perizzites highlights and Jebusites who were not of
highlights and Jebusites who were not of
highlights and Jebusites who were not of the children of israel that is their
the children of israel that is their
the children of israel that is their descendants who were left in the land
descendants who were left in the land
descendants who were left in the land after them whom the children of Israel
after them whom the children of Israel
after them whom the children of Israel had not been able to destroy completely
had not been able to destroy completely
had not been able to destroy completely from these Solomon raised forced labor
from these Solomon raised forced labor
from these Solomon raised forced labor as it is to this day but of the children
as it is to this day but of the children
as it is to this day but of the children of Israel Solomon made no forced
of Israel Solomon made no forced
of Israel Solomon made no forced laborers because they were men of war
laborers because they were men of war
laborers because they were men of war and his servants his officers his
and his servants his officers his
and his servants his officers his captain's commanders of his chariots and
captain's commanders of his chariots and
captain's commanders of his chariots and his cavalry others were Chiefs of the
his cavalry others were Chiefs of the
his cavalry others were Chiefs of the officials who were over Solomon's work
officials who were over Solomon's work
officials who were over Solomon's work five hundred and fifty who ruled over
five hundred and fifty who ruled over
five hundred and fifty who ruled over the people who did the work but
the people who did the work but
the people who did the work but Pharaoh's daughter came up from the City
Pharaoh's daughter came up from the City
Pharaoh's daughter came up from the City of David to her house which Solomon had
of David to her house which Solomon had
of David to her house which Solomon had built for her then he built the Miller
built for her then he built the Miller
built for her then he built the Miller now three times a year Solomon offered
now three times a year Solomon offered
now three times a year Solomon offered burnt offerings and peace offerings on
burnt offerings and peace offerings on
burnt offerings and peace offerings on the altar which he had built for the
the altar which he had built for the
the altar which he had built for the Lord and he burnt incense with them on
Lord and he burnt incense with them on
Lord and he burnt incense with them on the altar that was before the Lord so he
the altar that was before the Lord so he
the altar that was before the Lord so he finished the temple King Solomon also
finished the temple King Solomon also
finished the temple King Solomon also built a fleet of ships at easy on giba
built a fleet of ships at easy on giba
built a fleet of ships at easy on giba which is near alot on the shore of the
which is near alot on the shore of the
which is near alot on the shore of the Red Sea in the land of Edom then Hiram
Red Sea in the land of Edom then Hiram
Red Sea in the land of Edom then Hiram sent his servants with the fleet seamen
sent his servants with the fleet seamen
sent his servants with the fleet seamen who knew the sea to work with the
who knew the sea to work with the
who knew the sea to work with the servants of Solomon and they went to
servants of Solomon and they went to
servants of Solomon and they went to offer and acquired four hundred and
offer and acquired four hundred and
offer and acquired four hundred and twenty talents of gold from there and
twenty talents of gold from there and
twenty talents of gold from there and brought it to King Solomon